This is a staple of my diet.  I tend to eat two portions after my morning
exercise when I'm exercising in a fasted state.  The ingredients for one
portion are:

1/3 cup uncooked oatmeal
1 cup water
two tablespoons chia seeds
two tablespoon hemp hearts
1 cup unsweetened soy milk
(optional) 1 tablespoon Udo's 3-6-9

Put 1/3 cup uncooked oatmeal with 1 cup water in a microwave safe bowl.

On our (approximately 1,200 watt) microwave I cook at 50% power for
three and a half minutes.

After it's been microwaved, add the chia, the hemp and the unsweetened
soy milk.  Stir and try to get all the chia wet and not sticking
together.

Pour into suitable (e.g., Ziploc) container with lid, then put in the
refrigerator for several hours.  If I'm at home, I typically make my
oatmeal for the following day while I'm eating my current day's
serving(s).  If I'm at a race, I typically take a small ice chest and
keep my oatmeal on ice. So, usually my oatmeal has been in the
refrigerator overnight.

We typically buy our chia, hemp and oatmeal (Coach's Oats) from
Costco.  We try to keep a bag or two of each in reserve, because
Costco will sometimes go for extended periods of time where they lack
at least one of the ingredients They went months without having
Coach's Oats.  Coach's Oats are steel cut but fairly inexpensive when
purchased at Costco.  Once, when they were out, I tried getting a
bunch of inexpensive Quaker rolled oats from Costco, but I did not
like their consistency, smell or perceived taste.

When prepared with Coach's Oats, eating my fortified oatmeal after
exercise tastes to me as good as (but definitely not as sweet as)
eating cake.  When prepared with the rolled oats, it's more like
eating paste.  My guess is the rolled oats are just as nutritious, but
I'll probably go back to buying them from Amazon if Costco runs out of
them again.

I used to always add a half tablespoon full of Udo's 3-6-9 Oil to my
oatmeal.  I suspected that the additional fat was beneficial.
However, it got pricey and I stopped (at least for a while) using it.
It's hard to tell if that affected my performance, because when I
stopped was during training for the Cocodona 250 and C250 training is
very different from other training.  My top speed definitely went down
during this time, but it's much more likely due to the change in
training than my change in diet.  However, I did go back to adding
Udo's Oil, although it's more due to superstition than science.  As of
late November, 2022, Udo's is expensive again ($57.69 for a 32
oz. bottle from Amazon), so I'll probably do without once we finish
our current bottle.
